# The Music Guide
The Music Guide is a website that I've been developing over the last year that aims to provide information and examples for all the genres of music we have today. There are roughly 250 genres spread across 26 supergenres. Each genre contains 9 30-second samples that you can listen to, so you can get a good idea of what a certain genre sounds like. Most of the research I conducted for this guide came from musicmap.info and Ishkur's Guide, so at the moment there's a lot of similarity in terms of song selection, however I will eventually make the examples more unique.

# Current issues
- The site is currently full of plagiarized text, mostly from musicmap.info but also some from AllMusic and Wikipedia. Writing all the text myself just isn't feasible for one person, and I needed to have text in there. This isn't a permanent thing, and I would like for it to change, so any help rephrasing stuff would be greatly appreciated.

# Disclaimer
This website is provided free-of-charge with the primary goal to educate. I mainly created this website as a university project and to be able to showcase my web development skills to future employers. Although small snippets of songs are used, the New Zealand Copyright Act 1994 under the Fair Dealing section states "You don’t need to get permission to use an insubstantial part of a work. Infringement only occurs when a whole work or a “substantial” part of a work is copied or used in a way that is reserved to the copyright owner." Fair use also applies when the project is for "research or private study; criticism or review; or reporting current events."
